docs: update dev instructions and unstable opts info (#4250)
rust-lang/rustfmt: Contributing.md

Rustfmt requires a nightly compiler. Replace all invocations of `cargo` by
`cargo +nightly` if necessary.

At all times the environment variables `CFG_RELEASE_CHANNEL` and `CFG_RELEASE` must be set. `CFG_RELEASE_CHANNEL` must be set to either `nightly` or `beta`, and `CFG_RELEASE` should be set to your corresponding Rust version. The

> project supports and recommends [cargo-make][cargo-make] when working on rustfmt, because `cargo-make` automatically sets these variables for you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
project supports and recommends [cargo-make][cargo-make] when working on rustfmt, because `cargo-make` automatically sets these variables for you.
```

The available tasks are listed in `Makefile.toml`.

You can alternatively use `cargo` directly, but you'll have to set the `CFG_RELEASE` and `CFG_RELEASE_CHANNEL` environment variables and also provide the corresponding features.

For example:
```sh
export CFG_RELEASE=1.45.0-nightly
export CFG_RELEASE=nightly

> ```

Reviewer: Nit: this feels redundant, maybe it's better to put the code example under line 17

Author: Thanks for the feedback! Could you elaborate on how/why you feel this example is redundant?

It's the first, and only, occurrence within this file. Arguably folks should know how to do this, but we want to make it as easy as possible for users to contribute to rustfmt and IMHO over communication is better than the alternative in a dev/new-contributor context like this. 

TBH I'm not keen to move this up to line 17 as you suggest, because users don't need to be bothered with this if they use `cargo make` which was the main driver for incorporating that into the project and encouraging it's use. I suppose that the

> `CFG_RELEASE_CHANNEL` must be set to either `nightly` or `beta`, and `CFG_RELEASE` should be set to your corresponding Rust version

line from above could be moved down here though

Reviewer: Sorry; this was poorly worded. I mean to say that the text above the code example for exporting the env variables feels redundant, and it may be worth putting the code example for setting the env variables directly underneath where there are mentioned in text before moving on to `cargo make`. This is a very much a nit though :)

(Windows users can use `set` to specify the environment variable values)

## Building
To build with `cargo make`:

```sh
cargo make build
```

Or alternatively with `cargo` directly:
```sh

> cargo build --all-features

Reviewer: Maybe worth mentioning the `export` commands before this line given the next line sets the env variables too

Author: Hmmm. Obviously these aren't mutually exclusive and a rustfmt contributor/developer that has elected to eschew the usage of `cargo make` could set the environment variables, but also override on certain invocations.

A very real use case would be:
```sh
CFG_RELEASE_CHANNEL=beta cargo test --all-features
```

If the either/or theme isn't already clear, then I'm not convinced swapping the order impacts the clarity one way or the other. Maybe some additional text above on the vars and inline on the samples

Reviewer: Good point, this makes sense. On the other hand for a new contributor it may not be immediately obvious why the second line should be used instead of the first. Maybe the “or” comment could be extended to mention the use case you brought up, of testing a particular env?

# or
CFG_RELEASE_CHANNEL=nightly CFG_RELEASE=1.45.0-nightly cargo build --all-features
```

## Test and file issues

It would be really useful to have people use rustfmt on their projects and file
issues where it does something you don't expect.

## Running tests

The tests can be executed with `cargo make` or directly with `cargo` provided the corresponding environment variables have been set.

To run tests with `cargo make`:

```sh
cargo make test
```

Or alternatively with `cargo` directly:
```sh

> cargo test --all-features

Reviewer: same comment as above, or mention that the second command are if the env variables aren't set for the shell

# or 
CFG_RELEASE_CHANNEL=nightly CFG_RELEASE=1.45.0-nightly cargo test --all-features
```

This does a number of things:
* runs the unit tests for a number of internal functions;

> * makes sure that rustfmt run on every file in `tests/source/`
>   is equal to its associated file in `tests/target/`;

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
* makes sure that running rustfmt run on every file in `tests/source/` produces content
  equal to its associated file in `tests/target/`;
```

Author: I guess I can change this since the line needs an update to correct the path. However, I do want to note that the objective with this PR was really to correct some of the more glaring inaccuracies that have been sources of confusion (including for rustfmt users), I was deliberately avoiding the holistic review of the content, grammar, etc. of these docs that they both need. 

As an example, here's one snippet of rather dated material in the main README :smile: 

https://github.com/rust-lang/rustfmt#limitations

> Rustfmt tries to work on as much Rust code as possible. Sometimes, the code doesn't even need to compile! As we approach a 1.0 release we are also looking to limit areas of instability; in particular, post-1.0, the formatting of most code should not change as Rustfmt improves. However, there are some things that Rustfmt can't do or can't do well (and thus where formatting might change significantly, even post-1.0)

Reviewer: truth ))
